Update Multiplatform compatibility guide for 2.0.20 (#4359)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/gradle/gradle-configure-project.md

| 2.0.20        | %minGradleVersion%–%maxGradleVersion%* | %minAndroidGradleVersion%–%maxAndroidGradleVersion% |
| 2.0.0         | 6.8.3–8.5                              | 7.1.3–8.3.1                                         |
| 1.9.20–1.9.25 | 6.8.3–8.1.1                            | 4.2.2–8.1.0                                         |
| 1.9.0–1.9.10  | 6.8.3–7.6.0                            | 4.2.2–7.4.0                                         |
| 1.8.20–1.8.22 | 6.8.3–7.6.0                            | 4.1.3–7.4.0                                         |      
| 1.8.0–1.8.11  | 6.8.3–7.3.3                            | 4.1.3–7.2.1                                         |   
| 1.7.20–1.7.22 | 6.7.1–7.1.1                            | 3.6.4–7.0.4                                         |
| 1.7.0–1.7.10  | 6.7.1–7.0.2                            | 3.4.3–7.0.2                                         |
| 1.6.20–1.6.21 | 6.1.1–7.0.2                            | 3.4.3–7.0.2                                         |

> Kotlin 2.0.20 is fully compatible with Gradle 6.8.3 through 8.6.

> > Gradle 8.7 and 8.8 are also supported, with only one exception: If you use the Kotlin Multiplatform Gradle plugin,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Gradle 8.7 and 8.8 are also supported, with only one exception: if you use the Kotlin Multiplatform Gradle plugin,
```

Author: Copyeditors wanted it capitalized so I will leave it as it is 😅

> > you may see deprecation warnings in your multiplatform projects if you use the [`withJava()` function in the JVM target](multiplatform-dsl-reference.md#jvm-targets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> you may see deprecation warnings in your multiplatform projects calling the [`withJava()` function in the JVM target](multiplatform-dsl-reference.md#jvm-targets).
```

To get away from the double "if".
